This project uses txt for docs, mostly following the old-school unix guidelines.

1. Plain Text Only: 
    
   No rich text formatting (no bold, italics, colors, etc.).

2. Limited Line Length:

   80 chars, must be soft wrapped.

3. Headers:

   Use clear, concise headers to organize content.

4. Whitespace:

   Use consistent spacing and indentation for readability.

5. Paragraphs:
    
   Separate paragraphs with blank lines.

6. Lists:

   Use - for bullet points. Indent sub-lists with spaces. Numbered lists use 
   numerical, then letter, then roman numeral. Such as:

    1. Top List
        a. Second level
        b. Moar nesting
            i. Then roman

   Don't nest lists > 3 levels.

7. Code Blocks:

   Indent code blocks with 4 spaces (or a tab, which is often configured to 4 spaces).

   This preserves the code's structure.
   Example:

    int main(void) {
        printf("Hello, world!\n");
        return 0;
    }


8. Quotes:

   Use > to indicate quoted text.
   Multiple > characters indicate nested quotes.

   Example:

   > This is a quoted line.
   >> This is a nested quoted line.


9. Emphasis:

   Use _ to indicate emphasis.

   Example:
    
    _Note_

10. Bold: 

    Use * (single asterisk) to indicate bold text.

11. Sessions:

    Sessions are defined in three ways:

    11.a. Formal Session Declaration

    Session Name
    ------------ 
    
    That is, a single line, preceded by an empty line and succeeded by a line of 
    dashes. At least 2 dashes must be present, the formatter should match the 
    number of dashes in the line above. The dash line must be followed by an 
    empty line.

    11.b. Numbered Session Declaration

    Same as 11.a but without the dashes and with some numbering, as in:

    1. Session Name

    1.1 Session Name

    Note however, that this should distinguish between normal numbered list.
    (As long as it's a numerical formatting)

    11.c. Alternative Declaration

    If no dashes nor single lines are present, a session is defined by a colon + 
    single line, preceded by an empty line and succeeded by an empty line.

    : Session Name

12. References: 

    The editor can index and link documents and sections from the internal doc 
    representations, as sessions are anchors (lowercased, alphanumerical, 
    spaces to dashes) and can be linked to by using the following syntax:

    One can however create explicit refs, both to sessions and arbitrary text, 
    by using the following syntax: 

    see: docs/format.rfc.txt#11.a (that is file path + # + anchor name)

13. Footnotes:

    Footnotes are referenced by using the following syntax:

    See footnote [1] 

    and declared at the end of the document, as in:

    [1] This is a footnote

    The extension will automatically number the footnotes and create the 
    reference links.